{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-Black;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 CourierNewPSMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12040\viewh16140\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Anaglyph Maker
\fs28 \

\f1\fs24 \

\b0 After visiting NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratories websites for the Mars Rover with my daughter, I got interested in the process of creating red/blue 3D images. After doing some research on these 3D images called "anaglyph images," and not finding any Mac programs for generating them that I liked, I decided to write a program to create them. Anaglyph Maker is the result; it is a simple application for combining "stereo pair" images (images taken of the same subject from two positions a few inches apart on the same horizontal plane) into a single anaglyphic image. There are options in the program for generating both grayscale and color anaglyphs, but to generate a color anaglyph, your source images must be color. You can also save the raw stereo pairs into an Anaglyph Maker document so that you can load it later. \
\
There is some online help available that will help you learn to take "stereo pair" images, and will also take you on a short tour of using Anaglyph Maker.  It also contains information to help you find the things you will need to make and view the anaglyph images.\
\
\
\

\f2 Version History\
===============\
v1.0b1	29-January 2004    	Initial release.\
v1.0b2 	30-January 2004    	Fixed error with export that caused '.pdf' to \
						be appended to exported TIFF files.\
v1.0b3	02-February 2004	Moved processing into a thread to make GUI more\
						responsive; removed ask to save when both left\
						and right image are empty.\
v1.0b4	06-February 2004	Fixed compatibility problems with pre-OS X 10.3\
						Operating systems\
v1.0b5 	07-February 2004	Fixed issue where width was being used when\
						pixelsWide should have been used, resulting in\
						problems with pictures not at screen resolution.\
v1.0b6	07-February 2004	Internal release.\
v1.0b7  	08-February 2004	Fixed problem that caused color anaglyphs to be a\
						different size and/or resolution than the original.\
v1.0b8	09-February 2004	No, really. Fixed problem that caused color anaglyphs\
						to be a different size and/or resolution than the\
						original.}